Copyright 2020 North Star Imaging, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

https://www.4nsi.com
North Star Imaging, Inc. 

The JPEG dll (dynamically linked library) provided is not part of the software,
and is subject to the following license:

  The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied,
  with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or
  fitness for a particular purpose.  This software is provided "AS IS", and
  you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.
  
  This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.
  
  All Rights Reserved except as specified below.
  
  Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
  software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these
  conditions:
  (1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then
  this README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice
  unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files
  must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.
  (2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying
  documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of
  the Independent JPEG Group".
  (3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts
  full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept NO
  LIABILITY for damages of any kind.
  
  These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,
  not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought to
  acknowledge us.
  
  Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company
  name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products
  derived from it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent
  JPEG Group's software".
  
  We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of
  commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are
  assumed by the product vendor.
  
  
  ansi2knr.c is included in this distribution by permission of L. Peter
  Deutsch, sole proprietor of its copyright holder, Aladdin Enterprises of
  Menlo Park, CA.  ansi2knr.c is NOT covered by the above copyright and
  conditions, but instead by the usual distribution terms of the Free Software
  Foundation; principally, that you must include source code if you
  redistribute it.  (See the file ansi2knr.c for full details.)  However, since
  ansi2knr.c is not needed as part of any program generated from the IJG code,
  this does not limit you more than the foregoing paragraphs do.
  
  The Unix configuration script "configure" was produced with GNU Autoconf.  It
  is copyright by the Free Software Foundation but is freely distributable.
  The same holds for its supporting scripts (config.guess, config.sub,
  ltconfig, ltmain.sh).  Another support script, install-sh, is copyright by
  M.I.T. but is also freely distributable.
  
  It appears that the arithmetic coding option of the JPEG spec is covered by
  patents owned by IBM, AT&T, and Mitsubishi.  Hence arithmetic coding cannot
  legally be used without obtaining one or more licenses.  For this reason,
  support for arithmetic coding has been removed from the free JPEG software.
  (Since arithmetic coding provides only a marginal gain over the unpatented
  Huffman mode, it is unlikely that very many implementations will support it.)
  So far as we are aware, there are no patent restrictions on the remaining
  code.
  
  The IJG distribution formerly included code to read and write GIF files.  To
  avoid entanglement with the Unisys LZW patent, GIF reading support has been
  removed altogether, and the GIF writer has been simplified to produce
  "uncompressed GIFs".  This technique does not use the LZW algorithm; the
  resulting GIF files are larger than usual, but are readable by all standard
  GIF decoders.
  
  We are required to state that "The Graphics Interchange Format(c) is the
  Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated.  GIF(sm) is a Service Mark
  property of CompuServe Incorporated."

The PNG dll (dynamically linked library) provided is not part of the software,
and is subject to the following license:

  This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of
  any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is
  included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.
  
  COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:
  
  If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following
  this sentence.
  
  This code is released under the libpng license.
  
  libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000 through 1.6.34, September 29, 2017 are
  Copyright (c) 2000-2002, 2004, 2006-2017 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are derived
  from libpng-1.0.6, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and
  license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals added to the list of
  Contributing Authors:
  
     Simon-Pierre Cadieux
     Eric S. Raymond
     Mans Rullgard
     Cosmin Truta
     Gilles Vollant
     James Yu
     Mandar Sahastrabuddhe
     Google Inc.
     Vadim Barkov
  
  and with the following additions to the disclaimer:
  
     There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the
     library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our efforts or
     the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs.  This
     library is provided with all faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory
     quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user.
  
  Some files in the "contrib" directory and some configure-generated files that
  are distributed with libpng have other copyright owners and are released
  under other open source licenses.
  
  libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are
  Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are derived from libpng-0.96,
  and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as
  libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing
  Authors:
  
     Tom Lane
     Glenn Randers-Pehrson
     Willem van Schaik
  
  libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c)
  1996-1997 Andreas Dilger, are derived from libpng-0.88, and are distributed
  according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the
  following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:
  
     John Bowler
     Kevin Bracey
     Sam Bushell
     Magnus Holmgren
     Greg Roelofs
     Tom Tanner
  
  Some files in the "scripts" directory have other copyright owners but are
  released under this license.
  
  libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c)
  1995-1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.
  
  For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is
  defined as the following set of individuals:
  
     Andreas Dilger
     Dave Martindale
     Guy Eric Schalnat
     Paul Schmidt
     Tim Wegner
  
  The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors and
  Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including,
  without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any
  purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.  assume no liability
  for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential
  damages, which may result from the use of the PNG Reference Library, even if
  advised of the possibility of such damage.
  
  Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source
  code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the
  following restrictions:
  
    1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.
  
    2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original source.
  
    3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or
    altered source distribution.
  
  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee,
  and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the
  PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this source code in a
  product, acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated.
  
  END OF COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE.
  
  TRADEMARK:
  
  The name "libpng" has not been registered by the Copyright owner as a
  trademark in any jurisdiction.  However, because libpng has been distributed
  and maintained world-wide, continually since 1995, the Copyright owner claims
  "common-law trademark protection" in any jurisdiction where common-law
  trademark is recognized.
  
  OSI CERTIFICATION:
  
  Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is a
  certification mark of the Open Source Initiative. OSI has not addressed the
  additional disclaimers inserted at version 1.0.7.
  
  EXPORT CONTROL:
  
  The Copyright owner believes that the Export Control Classification Number
  (ECCN) for libpng is EAR99, which means not subject to export controls or
  International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) because it is open source,
  publicly available software, that does not contain any encryption software.
  See the EAR, paragraphs 734.3(b)(3) and 734.7(b).
  
  Glenn Randers-Pehrson
  glennrp at users.sourceforge.net
  September 29, 2017

The TIFF dll (dynamically linked library) provided is not part of the software,
and is subject to the following license:

  Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler
  Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.
  
  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
  documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
  (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all
  copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam
  Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity
  relating to the software without the specific, prior written permission of
  Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.
  
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,
  IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF
  MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
  
  IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
  INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES
  WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT
  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

The ZLIB dll (dynamically linked library) provided is not part of the software,
and is subject to the following license:

  (C) 1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.
  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the
  use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim
  that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product,
  an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is
  not required.  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
  must not be misrepresented as being the original software.  3. This notice
  may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly   Mark Adler
  jloup@gzip.org     madler@alumni.caltech.edu

  If you use the zlib library in a product, we would appreciate *not* receiving
  lengthy legal documents to sign. The sources are provided for free but
  without warranty of any kind.  The library has been entirely written by
  Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler; it does not include third-party code. 
